Add Troubleshooting Step for CDN (#4188)
microsoft/winget-cli: doc/troubleshooting/README.md

## Common Issues

> ### Executing `winget` exits with no message

Reviewer: I've also seen it described as "freezed" output, and some users have experienced the flickering cursor to never stop (https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/issues/3995). Maybe we can have multiple titles for users to quickly find this (not sure how good they'll look in markdown)

```
### Executing `winget` exits with no message
### winget commands hang indefinitely
```

> If no errors are displayed, it is likely that the version of WinGet on your system is using a retired Content Delivery Network (CDN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no output is displayed, it is likely that the version of WinGet on your system is using a retired Content Delivery Network (CDN).
```

I assume you meant this?

You can check which version of WinGet is on your machine using `winget --info`. If the version is lower than `1.6.3482`, take the following troubleshooting steps.

1. Install the latest version of WinGet using one of the below methods

>   * a. Through the Microsoft Store by installing the latest version of AppInstaller
>   * b. Through installing the MSIX package found in the GitHub releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * a. Through the Microsoft Store by installing the latest version of [App Installer](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9NBLGGH4NNS1)
  * b. Through installing the MSIX package found in the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/releases)
```
URLs for easier access, since I have had trouble finding App Installer in the past on MS Store
